Update mediapipe docs and demo (#2422)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/python_support/reference.md

### Inference API and available endpoints

Since Python execution is supported via MediaPipe serving flow, it inherits it's enhancements and limitations. First thing to note is that MediaPipe graphs are available [**only via KServe API**](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/blob/master/docs/predict-api/v2/required_api.md)

From the client perspective model server serves a graph and user interacts with a graph. Single node in the graph cannot be accessed from the outside.

For a graph client can:

- request status
- request metadata
- request inference

Learn more about how [MediaPipe flow works in OpenVINO Model Server](../mediapipe.md)

The data passed in the request is accessible in `execute` method of the node connected to graph input via `data` attribute of [`pyovms.Tensor`](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/ovms_docs_python_support_reference.html#python-tensor) object.
For data of type BYTES send in bytes_contents field of input(for gRPC) or in JSON body(for REST) OVMS converts it to `pyovms.Tensor` buffer according to the format where every input is preceeded by four bytes of its size.

> Inputs and outputs also define `shape` and `datatype` parameters. Those values are also accessible in `pyovms.Tensor`. However for outputs, you don't provide those values directly to the response. See [datatype considerations](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/ovms_docs_python_support_reference.html#datatype-considerations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inputs and outputs also define `shape` and `datatype` parameters. Those values are also accessible in `pyovms.Tensor`. For outputs, `datatype` and `shape` are by default read from the underlying buffer, but it is possible to overwrite them (see [`pyovms.Tensor constructor`](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/ovms_docs_python_support_reference.html#creating-output-tensors). If you specify `datatype` as `BYTES` in your requests, make sure to review [datatype considerations](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/ovms_docs_python_support_reference.html#datatype-considerations), since this type is treated differently than the others.
```

- request status (gRPC and REST)
- request metadata (gRPC and REST)

> - request inference (gRPC and REST)

Reviewer: If all endpoints are supported now on both APIs maybe we could drop this explicit info? 
I mean remove `(gRPC and REST)`

Learn more about how [MediaPipe flow works in OpenVINO Model Server](../mediapipe.md)

> For inference, data can be send both via [gRPC API](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/blob/master/docs/predict-api/v2/required_api.md#grpc) and [KServe API](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/blob/master/docs/predict-api/v2/required_api.md#httprest)(Only for unary calls). If the graph has a `OvmsPyTensor` output stream, then the data in the KServe response can be found in `raw_output_contents` field (even if data in the request has been placed in `InferTensorContents`).

Reviewer: I think we should refactor this line to something like:

For details on how to interact with servable on mentioned endpoints see [KServe API specification](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/blob/master/docs/predict-api/v2/required_api.md). 
While the request is created by the user and is accepted as long as it meets API requirements, the response structure user should expect in return is determined by a few factors:

**gRPC**:
- <some grpc specific stuff, like the fact that we put data in raw_output_contents>
- ...

**REST**:
 - <some rest specific stuff, like what data looks like depending on datatype in pytensor, when binary extension is used etc.>
- ...

> The data passed in the request is accessible in `execute` method of the node connected to graph input via `data` attribute of [`pyovms.Tensor`](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/ovms_docs_python_support_reference.html#python-tensor) object.

Reviewer: I wonder about this 4 bytes prefix. Is it something user reads on the in the data? I mean do we interfere with the input data between receiving request and passing data to python execute() (like adding or removing first few bytes)? 

Do we do something like that on the output?
